Update the K8S version upgrade template to include OKE (#4068)
googleforgames/agones: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/kubernetes_update.md

    - [ ] Update Kubernetes version of GKE cluster (both `gke` and `gke-autopilot`) to {version_2}
    - [ ] Update Kubernetes version of AKS to the newest supported version in {version_1} {version_2} {version_3}
    - [ ] Update Kubernetes version of EKS to the newest supported version in {version_1} {version_2} {version_3}

> - [ ] Update the OKE example cluster version to 1.30

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] Update the OKE example cluster version to {version_2}
```
